Spark: Using a Secret for setting AWS credentials in Spark History Server (#214)
kudobuilder/frameworks: repository/spark/docs/latest/history-server.md

Required software:
* K8s cluster
* [KUDO CLI Plugin](https://kudo.dev/docs/#install-kudo-cli) 0.10.1 or higher

## Installing Spark Operator with History Server Enabled

```bash
kubectl kudo install spark --instance=spark-operator \
    -p enableHistoryServer=true \
    -p historyServerFsLogDirectory="<log directory>" \
```
This will deploy a Pod and Service for the `Spark History Server` with the `Spark Event Log` directory configured via the `historyServerFsLogDirectory` parameter. Spark Operator also supports Persistent Volume Claim (PVC) based storage. There is a parameter `historyServerPVCName` to pass the name of the PVC. Make sure that provided PVC should have `ReadWriteMany` [access mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes) supported.

> If you want to write and read event logs to/from an S3 bucket, you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure S3 for event log storage it is recommended to store AWS security credentials in a `Secret` in the following way:
```

1) Create a `Secret` which will contain Spark configuration (file name is important):
```bash
$ cat << 'EOF' >> spark-defaults.conf
spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.access.key <AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID>
spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.secret.key <AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>
spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.impl org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3AFileSystem
EOF
$ kubectl create secret generic spark-conf --from-file spark-defaults.conf --namespace spark
```

2) Install Spark Operator with the following parameters:
```bash
kubectl kudo install spark --instance=spark-operator \
    -p enableHistoryServer=true \
    -p historyServerFsLogDirectory="s3a://<BUCKET_NAME>/<FOLDER>" \
    -p historyServerSparkConfSecret=spark-conf
```

## Creating Spark Application

When submitting Spark Applications to the Operator with Spark History server enabled, you need to provide additional 

> configuration depending on storage type you are using for event logging. 

Reviewer: I'd suggest avoiding appeals which use personal pronouns with verbs like "need" or "must" in the documentation. How about we use something like that?
```
When Spark History server is enabled, an additional configuration such as security credentials can be required for accessing the storage backend being used for event logging.
```

Author: yes, looks good, updated

> For S3, an application configuration spec could be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are required for configuring Spark Application event log storage in S3:
```

> 1) Create a `Secret` with AWS credentials as described [here](configuration.md#integration-with-aws-s3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Create a `Secret` with AWS credentials as described in [Integration with AWS S3](configuration.md#integration-with-aws-s3) Operator documentation.
```

> 2) SparkApplication configuration could be as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Create a `SparkApplication` configuration with AWS credentials environment variables populated from a `Secret` created at the previous step. Here's an example:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: "sparkoperator.k8s.io/v1beta2"
kind: SparkApplication
metadata:
  name: spark-app
spec:
  ...
  sparkConf:
    "spark.eventLog.enabled": "true"
    "spark.eventLog.dir": "s3a://<BUCKET_NAME>/<FOLDER>"
    "spark.hadoop.fs.s3a.impl": "org.apache.hadoop.fs.s3a.S3AFileSystem"
  ...
  driver:
    env:
      - name: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef:
            name: <Name of a Secret with AWS credentials >
            key: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
      - name: AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef:
            name: <Name of a Secret with AWS credentials>
            key: AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

>       # in case when Temporary Security Credentials are used

Reviewer: 👍
